Information Collection
Knowledge and Consent. Your consent will be obtained, as required, for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information. Your consent may be obtained verbally at the store level, in writing on our store forms, through written registration or ballot forms, electronically through our Site, during telephone conversations or during a live chat session.

Information You Provide to Us. We only collect certain information from you when you provide it to us, such as when you: (1) register; (2) place an order; (3) shop in our Stores; (4) complete a survey or product review; (5) participate in one of our promotions; (6) sign up for a Loyalty Program; or (7) contact us. The information we collect from you may include your name, age, date of birth, mailing address, daytime telephone number, cell phone number, e-mail address, account user name and password, and payment information. If you use a third party login to register or otherwise link to us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party (such as a social network) based on your registration and privacy settings on that third party service.

Registration. We encourage you to register when shopping on our Site; however registration is not required. Our registration form requires users to provide contact information (such as name, age, mailing address, daytime telephone number, cell phone number, e-mail address and password). You must be 14 years of age or older to register. Registration helps us to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience. The customer contact information you provide will be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your questions and, if you have chosen to opt-in, to send you communications about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information, including via email, instant message, SMS text message and direct mail. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password. You are responsible for all use of the Site under your registered account. If you would like, you can also fill out a customer profile. While it is not required, information obtained from the customer profile questions helps us to learn more about our customers and is used to improve your shopping experience and to provide you with more relevant content and advertising.

Information We Automatically Collect. We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information when you use our Site, or interact with our emails or advertisements on our Site or other websites. A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. For example, we may automatically collect information such as your IP address, geolocation data (if activated by you), unique user ID, cell phone model, operating system, and carrier, and Internet Service Provider. We also may collect information about your use of our Services, such as the time you spend using the Site, the number of times you return, whether you click-through, open, or forward links, emails, and ads, and other Site usage data. These technologies, such as cookies, allow us to keep track of your order as you shop on our Site, recognize registered users when they visit, and to provide those customers with information and advertising that is more relevant to them.

If you register with or order from us, we may use cookies to monitor and maintain information about how you use our Site and what you buy in order to improve your shopping experience and provide you with more relevant content and advertising. Even if you do not register with or buy from us, we may still monitor and maintain certain information about your use of our Site for these same purposes.

If shopping in one of our Stores, video cameras may be used to monitor the premises for purposes of theft prevention and consumer analysis. Images of shoppers may be collected but are not used or stored on an identifiable basis.

Tracking Options. You may adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of our offerings.

Information Use
We may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:

To provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience;
To process your orders, contact you concerning the status of an order, answer any of your questions, or otherwise contact and communicate with you, including to invite you to rate and review products you recently purchased.
To provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site, other websites or via text message, and to contact you about upcoming Foot Locker sales, promotions, and product information;
To allow you to participate in promotions;
To help us learn more about our Site visitors, Loyalty Program members, and customers and to improve their shopping experience and our business;
To address problems with the Site, our business or our products and Services and to protect the security of the Site and our business;
To contact you about upcoming promotions and offers on behalf of our partners; and
Otherwise, as described to you at the point of collection.
Information Disclosure
For the purposes described above and throughout this Privacy Statement, we may disclose the information we collect from and about you as follows:

Any personal information or content that you voluntarily upload or submit for public posting to the Site becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. It is a violation of the Site's Terms of Use for you to post any content that requests personally identifiable information from others on the Site.

As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might sell or buy online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets. Accordingly, in the unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.

For the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, we or one of our affiliates or an unaffiliated service provider may process and store your personal information outside of the province in which you reside and/or outside of Canada, and as such, courts in those other provinces or foreign jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personal information.

We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties.

Updating Your Information
Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal information you provide to us. If you have registered with us or participate in a Loyalty Program, you may update your personal information through your registered account or Loyalty Program account.

If you have registered with us on this Site or set up a Loyalty Program account, you may close those accounts at any time for any reason by contacting our Privacy Administrator as described below. Note, however, that if you elect to close your account(s) and/or delete some or all of your personal information, we may still retain certain information from your account(s), such as transactional data, in accordance with various laws, regulations and our retention policies.

Please note that once you close your account(s) with us, you will no longer be able to make purchases on our Sites using those accounts or obtain other benefits related to such account(s), such as those related to Loyalty Program accounts.

Changes to our Privacy Statement
We may amend this Privacy Statement at any time. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or disclose your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site. Any material changes to this Privacy Statement will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our transmittal of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of the notice of changes.

Option to Opt-Out
At all times, you have the option of "opting out" of receiving future marketing updates. To opt-out of receiving marketing e-mails, you may send us an e-mail with "unsubscribe" in the subject line to canadacustomercare@footlocker.com. Note, however, that even if you opt out, you may continue to receive non-marketing e-mail messages from us, including, for example, order confirmations and other transactional messages.